Decommission XTokens Pallet Docs (#1067)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: builders/interoperability/mrl.md

- Local XC-20s (XCM-enabled ERC-20s) can't be used to pay for XCM execution on Moonbeam. This was a design decision, as it was preferred to treat them as ERC-20s and utilize the native `transfer` function of the ERC-20 interface. Consequently, XCM instructions handling the XC-20s are only limited to moving funds from one account to another and don't understand the Holding Register that is inherent to the XCM flow
- Currently, XCM-related pallets limit XCM messages' ability to send tokens with different reserve chains. Consequently, you can't send an XC-20 and set the fee token to be the native parachain token

> Note that as of late 2024, the XTokens precompile now uses the PolkadotXCM pallet under the hood, replacing the XTokens pallet. Parachains using a different pallet must implement their own solution to transfer reserve and non-reserve assets in a single message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that as of late 2024, the X-Tokens precompile now uses the Polkadot XCM pallet under the hood, replacing the X-Tokens pallet. Parachains using a different pallet must implement their own solution to transfer reserve and non-reserve assets in a single message.
```

Should always be referred to as X-Tokens and Polkadot XCM (like what we do with XCM Transactor) when referencing them like this
